"D:\Program Files\Anaconda3\python.exe" "D:\Program Files\JetBrains\PyCharm 2019.3.2\plugins\python\helpers\pydev\pydevd.py" --cmd-line --multiproc --qt-support=auto --client 127.0.0.1 --port 2909 --file D:/machineLearning/python-ml/deep-learning/rnn/ml-2020spring-hw8-seq2seq/code/test.py
pydev debugger: process 84636 is connecting
Connected to pydev debugger (build 193.6015.41)
config:
 {'device': device(type='cuda', index=0), 'src_vocab': '../data/cn.voc.pkl', 'tar_vocab': '../data/en.voc.pkl', 'src_train_path': '../data/cn.txt', 'tar_train_path': '../data/en.txt', 'src_val_path': '../data/cn.test.txt', 'tar_val_path': '../data/en.test.txt', 'SOS': 0, 'EOS': 1, 'PAD': 2, 'UNK': 3, 'batch_size': 64, 'emb_dim': 512, 'hid_dim': 1024, 'n_layers': 1, 'dropout': 0.4, 'learning_rate': 0.0005, 'max_output_len': 35, 'num_steps': 5000, 'store_steps': 200, 'summary_steps': 200, 'load_model': True, 'store_model_path': '../ckpt_v1.0', 'load_model_path': '../gru_1_1024_checkpoints/model_best.ckpt', 'data_path': '../cmn-eng', 'attention': True}
dataset size: 68
Adam (
Parameter Group 0
    amsgrad: False
    betas: (0.9, 0.999)
    eps: 1e-08
    lr: 0.0005
    weight_decay: 0
)
Load model from ../gru_1_1024_checkpoints/model_best.ckpt
Finish build model
Backend TkAgg is interactive backend. Turning interactive mode on.
 test_epoch[68] 
【待翻译】目前 台湾 已 有 超过 七成 的 上市 公司 向 银行 质押 自家 股票 , 其中 有 9 家 为 大 财团 。
【Translation】currently more than 70 percent of listed companies , including nine large financial groups , are operating with money they borrowed from banks with their stocks as collaterals .
【GroundTruth】currently more than 70 percent of listed companies , including nine large financial groups , are operating with money they borrowed from banks with their stocks as collaterals .
【待翻译】二 是 向 党政 领导 机关 、 行政 执法 人员 行贿 , 为 进行 走私 、 制假 等 寻求 “ 保护伞 ” 。
【Translation】2 . some people bribed party and government organs , administrative officers , and law enforcement personnel to seek " protection " for their smuggling and counterfeiting activities .
【GroundTruth】2 . some people bribed party and government organs , administrative officers , and law enforcement personnel to seek " protection " for their smuggling and counterfeiting activities .
【待翻译】面对 中外 记者 , 唐家璇 外长 勾画 的 新 世纪 中国 外交 走向 , 随着 电波 迅速 传 向 全球 。
【Translation】with this statement he made while talking to the chinese and foreign reporters , foreign affairs minister outlined china 's foreign policy for the new century .
【GroundTruth】with this statement he made while talking to the chinese and foreign reporters , foreign affairs minister outlined china 's foreign policy for the new century .
【待翻译】国会 共和党 内 的 反华 势力 , 极力 主张 台湾 先期 加入 世贸 组织 , 反对 给予 中国 pntr 地位 。
【Translation】the anti-china force in the congress republican party has vigorously advocated that taiwan should join the wto before china and has opposed the granting of pntr to china .
【GroundTruth】the anti-china force in the congress republican party has vigorously advocated that taiwan should join the wto before china and has opposed the granting of pntr to china .
【待翻译】认识 上 的 误区 使 他们 甚至 包括 一些 水利 干部 , 平时 的 工作 就 是 争取 资金 , 打井 取水 。
【Translation】because of their erroneous understanding , some cadres , including even water conservancy cadres , believe their work is to seek funds for drilling wells for water .
【GroundTruth】because of their erroneous understanding , some cadres , including even water conservancy cadres , believe their work is to seek funds for drilling wells for water .
【待翻译】两 国 元首 认为 , 21 世纪 的 到来 将 为 中 俄 关系 的 发展 开辟 更加 广阔 的 天地 。
【Translation】the two heads of state believe that the arrival of the 21st century will open up a still broader vista for the development of sino-russian relations .
【GroundTruth】the two heads of state believe that the arrival of the 21st century will open up a still broader vista for the development of sino-russian relations .
【待翻译】深化 金融 改革 , 优化 国有 独资 商业 银行 资产 质量 , 改进 金融 服务 , 防范 和 化解 金融 风险 。
【Translation】we should deepen financial reform , refine the quality of assets of state-owned commercial banks , improve financial service and prevent and reduce financial risks .
【GroundTruth】we should deepen financial reform , refine the quality of assets of state-owned commercial banks , improve financial service and prevent and reduce financial risks .
【待翻译】访问 期间 , 约万诺维奇 同 卡斯特罗 等 古巴 领导人 就 两 国 关系 和 共同 关心 的 国际 问题 广泛 交换 了 意见 。
【Translation】during his visit , jovanovic had an extensive exchange of views with castro and other cuban leaders on bilateral relations and international issues of common concern .
【GroundTruth】during his visit , jovanovic had an extensive exchange of views with castro and other cuban leaders on bilateral relations and international issues of common concern .
【待翻译】此 类 所谓 ‘ 爱 台湾 ’ 的 ‘ 使命感 ’ , 在 台湾岛 内 似乎 的确 迷惑 了 部分 人士 。
【Translation】it seems that this kind of so-called " sense of mission " of " loving taiwan " has indeed deluded some of the people in taiwan .
【GroundTruth】it seems that this kind of so-called " sense of mission " of " loving taiwan " has indeed deluded some of the people in taiwan .
【待翻译】谈及 研讨会 的 参加 对象 为何 定位 为 青年 科学家 , 丁 先生 认为 , 青年 是 未来 的 希望 。
【Translation】touching on the topic of why young scientists are designated to attend the seminar , ting held that young people are the hopes of future .
【GroundTruth】touching on the topic of why young scientists are designated to attend the seminar , ting held that young people are the hopes of future .
【待翻译】在 明年 正式 部署 3 艘 潜艇 后 , 美国 驻守 在 关岛 的 海军 官兵 将 增至 750 人 。
【Translation】after the deployment of the three nuclear attack submarines in guam , the number of us navy officers and sailors will be increased to 750 .
【GroundTruth】after the deployment of the three nuclear attack submarines in guam , the number of us navy officers and sailors will be increased to 750 .
【待翻译】只要 能 设身处 地 看 问题 , 就 容易 增进 了解 , 消除 误解 , 加深 理解 , 达到 谅解 。
【Translation】so long as we look at the issues from the angle of others , it is easy to remove misunderstanding , and deepen and eventually reach an understanding .
【GroundTruth】so long as we look at the issues from the angle of others , it is easy to remove misunderstanding , and deepen and eventually reach an understanding .
【待翻译】中 马 关系 中 出现 的 短暂 不幸 事件 已 成为 历史 , 双方 已 建立 起 新 的 关系 。
【Translation】now , the short unfortunate incident in sino-macedonian relations has become a matter of the past , and the two sides have established new relations .
【GroundTruth】now , the short unfortunate incident in sino-macedonian relations has become a matter of the past , and the two sides have established new relations .
【待翻译】理性 的 历史 思考 回顾 八十 年 , 咀嚼 历史 的 经验 , 许多 问题 引发 了 人们 的 思考 。
【Translation】rational historical reflection in looking back over the past 80 years and ruminating on historical experience , there are many questions for people to ponder .
【GroundTruth】rational historical reflection in looking back over the past 80 years and ruminating on historical experience , there are many questions for people to ponder .
【待翻译】社会主义 社会 是 一 个 消灭 了 剥削 制度 的 社会 , 它 的 出现 和 历史 上 的 改朝换代 不 一样 。
【Translation】the socialist society is a society that has eliminated the system of exploitation , its appearance is different from the change of dynasties in history .
【GroundTruth】the socialist society is a society that has eliminated the system of exploitation , its appearance is different from the change of dynasties in history .
【待翻译】双方 就 中 南 关系 、 非洲 形势 及 其它 重大 国际 问题 广泛 深入 地 交换 了 意见 , 达成 许多 共识 。
【Translation】they extensively and comprehensively exchanged views on sino-south african ties , african situations , and other major international issues . they reached many common understandings in this regard .
【GroundTruth】they extensively and comprehensively exchanged views on sino-south african ties , african situations , and other major international issues . they reached many common understandings in this regard .
【待翻译】他 说 , 这 对于 确保 台湾 地区 的 和平 与 安宁 , 维护 中 美 关系 的 健康 稳定 发展 至关 重要 。
【Translation】he said : this is of vital importance to ensuring the peace and tranquility in the taiwan region and maintaining the healthy and steady development of sino-us relations .
【GroundTruth】he said : this is of vital importance to ensuring the peace and tranquility in the taiwan region and maintaining the healthy and steady development of sino-us relations .
【待翻译】厉以宁 认为 , 所谓 地下 金融 , 尤其是 农村 高利贷 , 只有 在 农村 合作 银行 发展 之后 才 能 逐渐 消失 。
【Translation】in li yining 's opinion , so-called underground financial operations , especially usury , can only be eliminated step by step after the development of rural cooperative banks .
【GroundTruth】in li yining 's opinion , so-called underground financial operations , especially usury , can only be eliminated step by step after the development of rural cooperative banks .
【待翻译】这 是 一 个 民主 、 求实 、 团结 、 鼓劲 的 大会 , 是 一 个 承前启后 、 继往 开来 的 大会 。
【Translation】this was a democratic , truth-seeking , united , and encouraging session , a session for carrying on from the past and forging ahead into the future .
【GroundTruth】this was a democratic , truth-seeking , united , and encouraging session , a session for carrying on from the past and forging ahead into the future .
【待翻译】他 祝贺 江 主席 访 阿 取得 成功 , 认为 访问 为 巩固 和 发展 两 国 关系 作出 了 积极 贡献 。
【Translation】he congratulated president jiang on his successful visit to argentina , saying that the visit has contributed positively to the consolidation and development of bilateral relations .
【GroundTruth】he congratulated president jiang on his successful visit to argentina , saying that the visit has contributed positively to the consolidation and development of bilateral relations .
【待翻译】在 保障 公民 生殖 健康 权利 方面 , 条例 作 了 明确 规定 , 一 是 公民 享有 避孕 方法 的 知情 选择权 。
【Translation】the regulations provides specific stipulations for safeguarding citizens ' rights to reproductive health . the first right is the citizens ' right to know and choose contraceptive methods .
【GroundTruth】the regulations provides specific stipulations for safeguarding citizens ' rights to reproductive health . the first right is the citizens ' right to know and choose contraceptive methods .
【待翻译】他 表示 完全 支持 阿卡耶夫 总统 关于 在 “ 上海 五 国 ” 元首 会晤 框架 内 建立 国际 反恐怖主义 中心 的 倡议 。
【Translation】he said that china fully supports president akayev 's proposal for establishing an international anti-terrorism center within the framework of the " shanghai five " summit .
【GroundTruth】he said that china fully supports president akayev 's proposal for establishing an international anti-terrorism center within the framework of the " shanghai five " summit .
【待翻译】该 网站 自 1999 年 7 月 开通 以来 , 颇 受 关注 两 岸 关系 发展 人士 的 好评 。
【Translation】since being launched in july 1999 , china 's website on taiwan has been highly praised by personalities concerned with the development of cross-strait relations .
【GroundTruth】since being launched in july 1999 , china 's website on taiwan has been highly praised by personalities concerned with the development of cross-strait relations .
【待翻译】要 相信 祖国 大陆 关于 和平 统一 的 一 系列 方针 、 政策 是 有 诚意 的 , 是 完全 可以 实现 的 。
【Translation】have faith in the series of principles and policies adopted by the mother mainland on peaceful reunification . these principles and policies are sincere and completely accomplishable .
【GroundTruth】have faith in the series of principles and policies adopted by the mother mainland on peaceful reunification . these principles and policies are sincere and completely accomplishable .
【待翻译】究竟 这 场 战争 给 谁 带来 好处 , 这 是 包括 大多数 欧洲 国家 在内 的 国际 社会 普遍 反思 的 问题 。
【Translation】who has exactly benefited from this war is now a question which has been still rethought by the international community including most of the european countries .
【GroundTruth】who has exactly benefited from this war is now a question which has been still rethought by the international community including most of the european countries .
【待翻译】这 波 房地产 市场 行情 是 台湾 泡沫 经济 的 持续 , 并 在 经济 形势 逆转 后 有 进一步 恶化 的 趋势 。
【Translation】the recession in the real estate market was the extension of taiwan 's bubble economy and will further deteriorate along with the worsening of the overall economic situation .
【GroundTruth】the recession in the real estate market was the extension of taiwan 's bubble economy and will further deteriorate along with the worsening of the overall economic situation .
【待翻译】我 本人 也 向 来访 的 台湾 朋友 表示 , 我 一直 准备 着 访问 台湾 , 等待 着 台湾 当局 消除 障碍 。
【Translation】i myself have told visiting friends from taiwan that i am always ready to visit taiwan and am waiting for the taiwan authorities to eliminate the obstacles .
【GroundTruth】i myself have told visiting friends from taiwan that i am always ready to visit taiwan and am waiting for the taiwan authorities to eliminate the obstacles .
【待翻译】一些 人 理想 信念 发生 动摇 , 原因 往往 比较 复杂 , 有的 是 思想 问题 , 有的 是 实际 问题 。
【Translation】the reasons why a small number of people is not steadfast in their ideals and convictions are rather complex . some are ideological and others are practical and problems .
【GroundTruth】the reasons why a small number of people is not steadfast in their ideals and convictions are rather complex . some are ideological and others are practical .
【待翻译】酞空 军备 竞赛 的 加剧 , 有 可能 使 “ 和平 利用 酞空 ” 的 倡议 变成 一 纸 空文 。
【Translation】the escalation of the space arms race will turn the " peaceful utilization of outer space " proposal into a mere scrap of waste paper .
【GroundTruth】the escalation of the space arms race will turn the " peaceful utilization of outer space " proposal into a mere scrap of waste paper .
【待翻译】改革 开放 以后 , 中央 连续 召开 的 三 次 西藏 工作会 , 每 次 都 给 西藏 注入 巨大 的 活力 。
【Translation】since the introduction of reform and opening up , the central government has held three tibet work meetings , each injecting tremendous vitality into tibet .
【GroundTruth】since the introduction of reform and opening up , the central government has held three tibet work meetings , each injecting tremendous vitality into tibet .
【待翻译】要 尽快 地 使 全 国 人民 都 过上 殷实 的 小康 生活 , 并 不断 向 更 高 水平 前进 。
【Translation】efforts should be made to enable all people across the country to lead a well-to-do life as soon as possible and to continue to uplift their living standards .
【GroundTruth】efforts should be made to enable all people across the country to lead a well-to-do life as soon as possible and to continue to uplift their living standards .
【待翻译】“ 不 交 , 但 收 的 费 中 有 一 部分 要 顶 教师 一 个 月 的 工资 。 ”
【Translation】" no , we don 't , but we are required to fund one month 's wages for our teachers with a portion of our receipts . "
【GroundTruth】" no , we don 't , but we are required to fund one month 's wages for our teachers with a portion of our receipts . "
【待翻译】国家 将 认真 地 帮助 农业 部门 , 帮助 数百万 农民 , 使 他们 为 国家 提供 高质量 的 产品 。
【Translation】the state will earnestly help the agricultural sector and will also help millions of farmers , so that they will provide the state with high-quality products .
【GroundTruth】the state will earnestly help the agricultural sector and will also help millions of farmers , so that they will provide the state with high-quality products .
【待翻译】1969 年 , 他 被 尼克松 总统 看中 , 出任 总统 助理 并 升迁 为 “ 经济 机会 办公室 ” 主任 。
【Translation】he caught president nixon 's eye in 1969 and was appointed assistant to the president and promoted to director of the " economic opportunities office . "
【GroundTruth】he caught president nixon 's eye in 1969 and was appointed assistant to the president and promoted to director of the " economic opportunities office . "
【待翻译】从 长远 来 看 , 今后 亚酞 大 国 军事 力量 差距 将 主要 受 各自 经济 发展 状况 的 影响 。
【Translation】from a long-term point of view , the future gap in the military strength among big asian-pacific countries will be determined mainly by each 's economic development .
【GroundTruth】from a long-term point of view , the future gap in the military strength among big asian-pacific countries will be determined mainly by each 's economic development .
【待翻译】而 连战 , 不仅 今年 出书 宣布 他 的 邦联 主张 , 六月 二十九日 , 他 仍然 坚持 ‘ 台湾 优先 ’ 。
【Translation】lien chan not only published a book to announce his confederation view this year , but he still insisted on " taiwan first " on 29 june .
【GroundTruth】lien chan not only published a book to announce his confederation view this year , but he still insisted on " taiwan first " on 29 june .
【待翻译】在 立法 工作 中 要 防止 和 避免 部门 利益 和 地方 保护主义 的 影响 , 切实 维护 社会主义 法制 的 统一 。
【Translation】in legislative work , it is essential to prevent the impact of departmental interests and local protectionism and to safeguard the unity of the socialist legal system .
【GroundTruth】in legislative work , it is essential to prevent the impact of departmental interests and local protectionism and to safeguard the unity of the socialist legal system .
【待翻译】大陆 民调 专家 、 中国 社会 调查 事务所 所长 李冬民 研究员 主持 了 今 次 这 项 中 美 撞机 民调 。
【Translation】li dongmin , a mainland opinion poll expert and director of ssic , was in charge of this poll on the collision of chinese and us planes .
【GroundTruth】li dongmin , a mainland opinion poll expert and director of ssic , was in charge of this poll on the collision of chinese and us planes .
【待翻译】我们 认为 , 既然 承认 西藏 是 中国 的 部分 , 又 要求 解放军 不 要 进藏 , 这 种 提法 不妥 。 ”
【Translation】we pointed out that since tibet is a part of china , the demand for not stationing pla troops in tibet was not appropriate . "
【GroundTruth】we pointed out that since tibet is a part of china , the demand for not stationing pla troops in tibet was not appropriate . "
【待翻译】政治 稳定 、 经济 增长 、 社会 发展 , 很 大 程度 上 依赖于 信息 的 生产 、 扩散 和 应用 。
【Translation】political stability , economic growth , and social development depend to a very great extent on the production , dissemination , and application of information .
【GroundTruth】political stability , economic growth , and social development depend to a very great extent on the production , dissemination , and application of information .
【待翻译】胡鞍钢 表示 , 今后 中国 城镇 就业 模式 还 要 从 正规 就业 转向 非正规 就业 , 从 固定 就业 转向 灵活 就业 。
【Translation】hu angang said that in the future the modes of urban employment in china should shift from conventional to unconventional and from permanent to flexible employment .
【GroundTruth】hu angang said that in the future the modes of urban employment in china should shift from conventional to unconventional and from permanent to flexible employment .
【待翻译】对 此 , 港人 对 中央 的 支持 爱护 、 对江 主席 的 到来 表示 由衷 的 欢迎 和 感谢 。
【Translation】the people of hong kong extend their welcome and heart felt gratitude for the support of the central government and for president jiang 's visit .
【GroundTruth】the people of hong kong extend their welcome and heart felt gratitude for the support of the central government and for president jiang 's visit .
【待翻译】由于 ‘ 星座号 ’ 几 天 前 曾 参与 在 南中国海 举行 的 军事 演习 , 因此 这 次 来 港 备受 关注 。
【Translation】because the uss constellation participated in a military exercise in the south china sea several days ago , the current visit has drawn great attention .
【GroundTruth】because the uss constellation participated in a military exercise in the south china sea several days ago , the current visit has drawn great attention .
【待翻译】当前 我们 最 紧迫 的 任务 就 是 抓住 机遇 , 加快 发展 , 尽快 使 中华 民族 强大 起来 。
【Translation】at present , our most urgent tasks are to seize opportunities , to expeditiously develop china , and to strengthen the chinese nation as soon as possible .
【GroundTruth】at present , our most urgent tasks are to seize opportunities , to expeditiously develop china , and to strengthen the chinese nation as soon as possible .
【待翻译】党政 主要 领导 要 抓好 协调 工作 , 组织 各 方面 力量 , 对 人口 资源 环境 问题 进行 综合 治理 。
【Translation】the party and government principal leaders should coordinate the work and organize the efforts of all sectors to comprehensively tackle the population , resources and environmental problems .
【GroundTruth】the party and government principal leaders should coordinate the work and organize the efforts of all sectors to comprehensively tackle the population , resources and environmental problems .
【待翻译】民主党人 试图 要 布什 及 共和党 人 懂得 : 虽然 布什 将 成为 总统 , 但是 他 必须 明白 自身 的 脆弱 地位 。
【Translation】the democrats are trying to make bush and the republicans understand that although bush won the presidency , he must clearly recognize the fragility of his position .
【GroundTruth】the democrats are trying to make bush and the republicans understand that although bush won the presidency , he must clearly recognize the fragility of his position .
【待翻译】目前 , 一些 拉美 国家 的 关税 属 世界 最高 关税 之 列 , 平均 关税 比 美国 高 4 倍 。
【Translation】presently , the customs duties of some latin american states are among the highest in the world or four times higher than the us customs duty .
【GroundTruth】presently , the customs duties of some latin american states are among the highest in the world or four times higher than the us customs duty .
【待翻译】他们 竟然 忘记 了 卢沟桥 是 中国 北京 的 一 个 地方 , 日军 是 强占 在 那里 的 侵略者 ！
【Translation】they have the gall to forget that lugouqiao is a place in beijing , china , and that the japanese army were invaders forcibly occupying it !
【GroundTruth】they have the gall to forget that lugouqiao is a place in beijing , china , and that the japanese army were invaders forcibly occupying it !
【待翻译】今年 诸多 国家 同 伊拉克 通商 、 通航 并 发展 经贸 关系 , 突破 了 美 英 对 伊拉克 的 制裁圈 。
【Translation】this year many countries have broken through the us-british ring of sanctions against iraq by opening commercial and air links and developing economic relations with that country .
【GroundTruth】this year many countries have broken through the us-british ring of sanctions against iraq by opening commercial and air links and developing economic relations with that country .
【待翻译】理性 地 审视 过去 , 正确 面对 历史 , 是 一 个 民族 心理 健康 、 精神 成熟 的 表现 。
【Translation】judging the past in a rational way and facing history in correct fashion is an expression of a nation 's psychological health and maturity of spirit .
【GroundTruth】judging the past in a rational way and facing history in correct fashion is an expression of a nation 's psychological health and maturity of spirit .
【待翻译】被 吓 了 一 跳 的 欧佩克 组织 立即 开会 研究 应对 措施 , 这 才 遏制 住 了 油价 的 上涨 势头 。
【Translation】frightened to a start , the opec immediately convened a meeting to study countermeasures . in this way the trend of rising oil prices was checked .
【GroundTruth】frightened to a start , the opec immediately convened a meeting to study countermeasures . in this way the trend of rising oil prices was checked .
【待翻译】田聪明 首先 介绍 了 新华社 和 《 读卖 新闻 》 社 在 此间 共同 举办 的 中 日 经济 关系 研讨会 的 情况 。
【Translation】tian congming briefed mori on the second annual symposium on sino-japanese ties , which was jointly sponsored by the xinhua news agency and yomiuri shimbun in tokyo .
【GroundTruth】tian congming briefed mori on the second annual symposium on sino-japanese ties , which was jointly sponsored by the xinhua news agency and yomiuri shimbun in tokyo .
【待翻译】中方 也 愿意 进一步 加强 两 国 在 司法 领域 的 合作 与 交流 , 包括 共同 打击 非法 移民 和 有组织 犯罪 。
【Translation】he also said that china is willing to further strengthen cooperation and exchanges in the legal field , including the crackdown on illegal immigration and organized crimes .
【GroundTruth】he also said that china is willing to further strengthen cooperation and exchanges in the legal field , including the crackdown on illegal immigration and organized crimes .
【待翻译】库赖 说 : 这 是 中国 国家 主席 首 次 来到 巴勒斯坦 的 土地 上 作客 , 令 我们 倍感 亲切 和 荣幸 。
【Translation】qurei said : this is the first visit by a chinese president to the land of palestine , which makes us very warm and honored .
【GroundTruth】qurei said : this is the first visit by a chinese president to the land of palestine , which makes us very warm and honored .
【待翻译】他 说 , 提供 全球 公共 产品 的 国际 机构 必须 严守 政治 中立 , 公正 代表 每 一 个 成员国 利益 。
【Translation】he said : the international institutions providing the world with public goods must strictly uphold political neutrality and fairly represent the interests of every member country .
【GroundTruth】he said : the international institutions providing the world with public goods must strictly uphold political neutrality and fairly represent the interests of every member country .
【待翻译】现在 的 粮食 总 产量 是 5 亿 吨 , 如果 考虑 进口 5% , 就 是 2500 万 吨 。
【Translation】our present total grain output is 500 million metric tons . if we consider importing 5 percent , the import will be 25 million metric tons .
【GroundTruth】our present total grain output is 500 million metric tons . if we consider importing 5 percent , the import will be 25 million metric tons .
【待翻译】11 月 初 , 美 朝 就 影响 两 国 关系 的 重要 议题 ——— 导弹 问题 进行 了 磋商 。
【Translation】in early november , the united states and the dprk held consultations on the missile question , a major topic affecting relations between the two countries .
【GroundTruth】in early november , the united states and the dprk held consultations on the missile question , a major topic affecting relations between the two countries .
【待翻译】近 70% 的 人 参加 过 再 就业 培训 , 其中 半数 以上 的 人 认为 培训 对 实现 再就业 是 有用 的 。
【Translation】nearly 70 percent had taken part in re-training programs , and more than 50 percent of them thought that training would help them find jobs again .
【GroundTruth】nearly 70 percent had taken part in re-training programs , and more than 50 percent of them thought that training would help them find jobs again .
【待翻译】它 组织 一 批 人 到 华盛顿 来 “ 练功 示威 ” , 就 是 因为 华盛顿 是 美国 的 政治 中心 。
【Translation】it organized a group of people to come to washington for an " exercise demonstration " because washington is the united states ' political center .
【GroundTruth】it organized a group of people to come to washington for an " exercise demonstration " because washington is the united states ' political center .
【待翻译】二十一 世纪 , 国际 综合 国力 竞争 将 会 更加 激烈 , 世界 科技 进步 和 创新 将 会 有 新 的 突破 。
【Translation】in the 21st century , international competition in comprehensive national strength will further intensify and there will be new breakthroughs in scientific and technological advances and innovation .
【GroundTruth】in the 21st century , international competition in comprehensive national strength will further intensify and there will be new breakthroughs in scientific and technological advances and innovation .
【待翻译】李汉东 说 , 韩 中 建交 以来 , 两 国 在 许多 领域 都 开展 了 卓有 成效 的 合作 。
【Translation】yi han-tong said , since south korea and china established diplomatic relations between them , the two countries have carried out highly effective cooperation in many arenas .
【GroundTruth】yi han-tong said , since south korea and china established diplomatic relations between them , the two countries have carried out highly effective cooperation in many arenas .
【待翻译】因此 , 要 继续 不折不扣 地 贯彻 执行 中央 关于 减轻 农民 负担 的 各 项 政策 , 加大 监督 检查 力度 。
【Translation】hence , we must continue to unswervingly implement the central policies on lightening the peasant 's burdens , and intensify supervision and checks in this respect .
【GroundTruth】hence , we must continue to unswervingly implement the central policies on lightening the peasant 's burdens , and intensify supervision and checks in this respect .
【待翻译】纳拉亚南 重申 , 印度 始终 支持 中国 在 台湾 、 人权 和 加入 世界 贸易 组织 问题 上 的 原则 立场 。
【Translation】narayanan reiterated that india all along has supported china 's principled stand on the issues of taiwan , human rights , and its wto accession .
【GroundTruth】narayanan reiterated that india all along has supported china 's principled stand on the issues of taiwan , human rights , and its wto accession .
【待翻译】他 说 , 斯特罗耶夫 主席 和 他 本人 都 曾 访 华 , 他们 热切 期待 着 李鹏 委员长 的 回访 。
【Translation】gennady seleznyov noted that speaker stroyev and he had ever visited china . they earnestly hoped that chairman li peng will pay a return visit .
【GroundTruth】gennady seleznyov noted that speaker stroyev and he had ever visited china . they earnestly hoped that chairman li peng will pay a return visit .
【待翻译】因此 , 5 所 综合 大学 的 党委 , 都 把 建设 中心 校区 当作 实质性 融合 的 核心 工程 来 抓 。
【Translation】therefore , the party committees of the five comprehensive universities all have deemed the development of a central educational district as a core project in real integration .
【GroundTruth】therefore , the party committees of the five comprehensive universities all have deemed the development of a central educational district as a core project in real integration .
【待翻译】实现 发展权 不仅 关系 到 发展中 国家 的 人权 享受 , 同时 这 也 将 对 国际 和平 与 繁荣 产生 重要 影响 。
【Translation】the realization of the right of development not only affects human rights in developing countries but also has an important influence on international peace and prosperity .
【GroundTruth】the realization of the right of development not only affects human rights in developing countries but also has an important influence on international peace and prosperity .
【待翻译】“ 社会主义 也 可以 搞 市场 经济 ” , 早 在 1979 年 , 邓小平 同志 就 抓住 了 问题 的 要害 。
【Translation】" socialist society can also practice market economy . " as early as 1979 , comrade deng xiaoping grasped the crucial point of the question .
【GroundTruth】" socialist society can also practice market economy . " as early as 1979 , comrade deng xiaoping grasped the crucial point of the question .
【待翻译】第四十一 条 依照 水污染 防治法 第四十八 条 规定 处以 罚款 的 , 可以 处 10 万 元 以下 的 罚款 。
【Translation】article 41 those who are punishable by a fine according to the provisions in article 48 of the lpcwp shall be liable to a fine below 100,000 yuan .
【GroundTruth】article 41 those who are punishable by a fine according to the provisions in article 48 of the lpcwp shall be liable to a fine below 100,000 yuan .
test loss: 0.0, bleu_score: 0.9635679564467924
import sys; print('Python %s on %s' % (sys.version, sys.platform))
Python 3.7.4 (default, Aug  9 2019, 18:34:13) [MSC v.1915 64 bit (AMD64)]
Type 'copyright', 'credits' or 'license' for more information
IPython 7.13.0 -- An enhanced Interactive Python. Type '?' for help.
PyDev console: using IPython 7.13.0
Python 3.7.4 (default, Aug  9 2019, 18:34:13) [MSC v.1915 64 bit (AMD64)] on win32
