【待翻译】<sos> 目前 台湾 已 有 超过 七成 的 上市 公司 向 银行 质押 自家 股票 , 其中 有 9 家 为 大 财团 。【翻译】currently more than 70 percent of listed companies , including nine large financial groups , are operating with money they borrowed from banks with their stocks as collaterals .【Ground Truth】currently more than 70 percent of listed companies , including nine large financial groups , are operating with money they borrowed from banks with their stocks as collaterals .
【待翻译】<sos> 二 是 向 党政 领导 机关 、 行政 执法 人员 行贿 , 为 进行 走私 、 制假 等 寻求 “ 保护伞 ” 。【翻译】2 . some people bribed party and government organs , administrative officers , and law enforcement personnel to seek " protection " for their smuggling and counterfeiting activities .【Ground Truth】2 . some people bribed party and government organs , administrative officers , and law enforcement personnel to seek " protection " for their smuggling and counterfeiting activities .
【待翻译】<sos> 面对 中外 记者 , 唐家璇 外长 勾画 的 新 世纪 中国 外交 走向 , 随着 电波 迅速 传 向 全球 。【翻译】with this statement he made while talking to the chinese and foreign reporters , foreign affairs minister outlined china 's foreign policy for the new century .【Ground Truth】with this statement he made while talking to the chinese and foreign reporters , foreign affairs minister outlined china 's foreign policy for the new century .
【待翻译】<sos> 国会 共和党 内 的 反华 势力 , 极力 主张 台湾 先期 加入 世贸 组织 , 反对 给予 中国 pntr 地位 。【翻译】the anti-china force in the congress republican party has vigorously advocated that taiwan should join the wto before china and has opposed the granting of pntr to china .【Ground Truth】the anti-china force in the congress republican party has vigorously advocated that taiwan should join the wto before china and has opposed the granting of pntr to china .
【待翻译】<sos> 认识 上 的 误区 使 他们 甚至 包括 一些 水利 干部 , 平时 的 工作 就 是 争取 资金 , 打井 取水 。【翻译】because of their erroneous understanding , some cadres , including even water conservancy cadres , believe their work is to seek funds for drilling wells for water .【Ground Truth】because of their erroneous understanding , some cadres , including even water conservancy cadres , believe their work is to seek funds for drilling wells for water .
【待翻译】<sos> 两 国 元首 认为 , 21 世纪 的 到来 将 为 中 俄 关系 的 发展 开辟 更加 广阔 的 天地 。【翻译】the two heads of state believe that the arrival of the 21st century will open up a still broader vista for the development of sino-russian relations .【Ground Truth】the two heads of state believe that the arrival of the 21st century will open up a still broader vista for the development of sino-russian relations .
【待翻译】<sos> 深化 金融 改革 , 优化 国有 独资 商业 银行 资产 质量 , 改进 金融 服务 , 防范 和 化解 金融 风险 。【翻译】we should deepen financial reform , refine the quality of assets of state-owned commercial banks , improve financial service and prevent and reduce financial risks .【Ground Truth】we should deepen financial reform , refine the quality of assets of state-owned commercial banks , improve financial service and prevent and reduce financial risks .
【待翻译】<sos> 访问 期间 , 约万诺维奇 同 卡斯特罗 等 古巴 领导人 就 两 国 关系 和 共同 关心 的 国际 问题 广泛 交换 了 意见 。【翻译】during his visit , jovanovic had a thorough exchange of views with castro and other cuban leaders on bilateral relations and international issues of common concern .【Ground Truth】during his visit , jovanovic had an extensive exchange of views with castro and other cuban leaders on bilateral relations and international issues of common concern .
【待翻译】<sos> 此 类 所谓 ‘ 爱 台湾 ’ 的 ‘ 使命感 ’ , 在 台湾岛 内 似乎 的确 迷惑 了 部分 人士 。【翻译】it seems that this kind of so-called " sense of mission " of " loving taiwan " has indeed deluded some of the people in taiwan .【Ground Truth】it seems that this kind of so-called " sense of mission " of " loving taiwan " has indeed deluded some of the people in taiwan .
【待翻译】<sos> 谈及 研讨会 的 参加 对象 为何 定位 为 青年 科学家 , 丁 先生 认为 , 青年 是 未来 的 希望 。【翻译】touching on the topic of why young scientists are designated to attend the seminar , ting held that young people are the hopes of future .【Ground Truth】touching on the topic of why young scientists are designated to attend the seminar , ting held that young people are the hopes of future .
【待翻译】<sos> 在 明年 正式 部署 3 艘 潜艇 后 , 美国 驻守 在 关岛 的 海军 官兵 将 增至 750 人 。【翻译】after the deployment of the three nuclear attack submarines in guam , the number of us navy officers and sailors will be increased to 750 .【Ground Truth】after the deployment of the three nuclear attack submarines in guam , the number of us navy officers and sailors will be increased to 750 .
【待翻译】<sos> 只要 能 设身处 地 看 问题 , 就 容易 增进 了解 , 消除 误解 , 加深 理解 , 达到 谅解 。【翻译】so long as we look at the issues from the angle of others , it is easy to remove misunderstanding , and deepen and eventually reach an understanding .【Ground Truth】so long as we look at the issues from the angle of others , it is easy to remove misunderstanding , and deepen and eventually reach an understanding .
【待翻译】<sos> 中 马 关系 中 出现 的 短暂 不幸 事件 已 成为 历史 , 双方 已 建立 起 新 的 关系 。【翻译】now , the short unfortunate incident in sino-macedonian relations has become a matter of the past , and the two sides have established new relations .【Ground Truth】now , the short unfortunate incident in sino-macedonian relations has become a matter of the past , and the two sides have established new relations .
【待翻译】<sos> 理性 的 历史 思考 回顾 八十 年 , 咀嚼 历史 的 经验 , 许多 问题 引发 了 人们 的 思考 。【翻译】rational historical reflection in looking back over the past 80 years and ruminating on historical experience , there are many questions for people to ponder .【Ground Truth】rational historical reflection in looking back over the past 80 years and ruminating on historical experience , there are many questions for people to ponder .
【待翻译】<sos> 社会主义 社会 是 一 个 消灭 了 剥削 制度 的 社会 , 它 的 出现 和 历史 上 的 改朝换代 不 一样 。【翻译】the socialist society is a society that has eliminated the system of exploitation , its appearance is different from the change of dynasties in history .【Ground Truth】the socialist society is a society that has eliminated the system of exploitation , its appearance is different from the change of dynasties in history .
【待翻译】<sos> 双方 就 中 南 关系 、 非洲 形势 及 其它 重大 国际 问题 广泛 深入 地 交换 了 意见 , 达成 许多 共识 。【翻译】they extensively and comprehensively exchanged views on sino-south african ties , african situations , and other major international issues . they reached many common understandings in this regard .【Ground Truth】they extensively and comprehensively exchanged views on sino-south african ties , african situations , and other major international issues . they reached many common understandings in this regard .
【待翻译】<sos> 他 说 , 这 对于 确保 台湾 地区 的 和平 与 安宁 , 维护 中 美 关系 的 健康 稳定 发展 至关 重要 。【翻译】he said : this is of vital importance to ensuring the peace and tranquility in the taiwan region and maintaining the healthy and steady development of sino-us relations .【Ground Truth】he said : this is of vital importance to ensuring the peace and tranquility in the taiwan region and maintaining the healthy and steady development of sino-us relations .
【待翻译】<sos> 厉以宁 认为 , 所谓 地下 金融 , 尤其是 农村 高利贷 , 只有 在 农村 合作 银行 发展 之后 才 能 逐渐 消失 。【翻译】in li yining 's opinion , so-called underground financial operations , especially usury , can only be eliminated step by step after the development of rural cooperative banks .【Ground Truth】in li yining 's opinion , so-called underground financial operations , especially usury , can only be eliminated step by step after the development of rural cooperative banks .
【待翻译】<sos> 这 是 一 个 民主 、 求实 、 团结 、 鼓劲 的 大会 , 是 一 个 承前启后 、 继往 开来 的 大会 。【翻译】this was a democratic , truth-seeking , united , and encouraging session , a session for carrying on from the past and forging ahead into the future .【Ground Truth】this was a democratic , truth-seeking , united , and encouraging session , a session for carrying on from the past and forging ahead into the future .
【待翻译】<sos> 他 祝贺 江 主席 访 阿 取得 成功 , 认为 访问 为 巩固 和 发展 两 国 关系 作出 了 积极 贡献 。【翻译】he congratulated president jiang on his successful visit to argentina , saying that the visit has contributed positively to the consolidation and development of bilateral relations .【Ground Truth】he congratulated president jiang on his successful visit to argentina , saying that the visit has contributed positively to the consolidation and development of bilateral relations .
【待翻译】<sos> 在 保障 公民 生殖 健康 权利 方面 , 条例 作 了 明确 规定 , 一 是 公民 享有 避孕 方法 的 知情 选择权 。【翻译】the regulations provides specific stipulations for safeguarding citizens ' rights to reproductive health . the first right is the citizens ' right to know and choose contraceptive methods .【Ground Truth】the regulations provides specific stipulations for safeguarding citizens ' rights to reproductive health . the first right is the citizens ' right to know and choose contraceptive methods .
【待翻译】<sos> 他 表示 完全 支持 阿卡耶夫 总统 关于 在 “ 上海 五 国 ” 元首 会晤 框架 内 建立 国际 反恐怖主义 中心 的 倡议 。【翻译】he said that china fully supports president akayev 's proposal for establishing an international anti-terrorism center within the framework of the " shanghai five " summit .【Ground Truth】he said that china fully supports president akayev 's proposal for establishing an international anti-terrorism center within the framework of the " shanghai five " summit .
【待翻译】<sos> 该 网站 自 1999 年 7 月 开通 以来 , 颇 受 关注 两 岸 关系 发展 人士 的 好评 。【翻译】since being launched in july 1999 , china 's website on taiwan has been highly praised by personalities concerned with the development of cross-strait relations .【Ground Truth】since being launched in july 1999 , china 's website on taiwan has been highly praised by personalities concerned with the development of cross-strait relations .
【待翻译】<sos> 要 相信 祖国 大陆 关于 和平 统一 的 一 系列 方针 、 政策 是 有 诚意 的 , 是 完全 可以 实现 的 。【翻译】have faith in the series of principles and policies adopted by the mother mainland on peaceful reunification . these principles and policies are sincere and completely accomplishable .【Ground Truth】have faith in the series of principles and policies adopted by the mother mainland on peaceful reunification . these principles and policies are sincere and completely accomplishable .
【待翻译】<sos> 究竟 这 场 战争 给 谁 带来 好处 , 这 是 包括 大多数 欧洲 国家 在内 的 国际 社会 普遍 反思 的 问题 。【翻译】who has exactly benefited from this war is now a question which has been still rethought by the international community , including the vast majority of european countries .【Ground Truth】who has exactly benefited from this war is now a question which has been still rethought by the international community including most of the european countries .
【待翻译】<sos> 这 波 房地产 市场 行情 是 台湾 泡沫 经济 的 持续 , 并 在 经济 形势 逆转 后 有 进一步 恶化 的 趋势 。【翻译】the recession in the real estate market was the extension of taiwan 's bubble economy and will further deteriorate along with the worsening of the overall economic situation .【Ground Truth】the recession in the real estate market was the extension of taiwan 's bubble economy and will further deteriorate along with the worsening of the overall economic situation .
【待翻译】<sos> 我 本人 也 向 来访 的 台湾 朋友 表示 , 我 一直 准备 着 访问 台湾 , 等待 着 台湾 当局 消除 障碍 。【翻译】i myself have told visiting friends from taiwan that i am always ready to visit taiwan and am waiting for the taiwan authorities to eliminate the obstacles .【Ground Truth】i myself have told visiting friends from taiwan that i am always ready to visit taiwan and am waiting for the taiwan authorities to eliminate the obstacles .
【待翻译】<sos> 一些 人 理想 信念 发生 动摇 , 原因 往往 比较 复杂 , 有的 是 思想 问题 , 有的 是 实际 问题 。【翻译】the reasons why a small number of people is not steadfast in their ideals and convictions are rather complex . some are ideological and others are practical .【Ground Truth】the reasons why a small number of people is not steadfast in their ideals and convictions are rather complex . some are ideological and others are practical .
【待翻译】<sos> 酞空 军备 竞赛 的 加剧 , 有 可能 使 “ 和平 利用 酞空 ” 的 倡议 变成 一 纸 空文 。【翻译】the escalation of the space arms race will turn the " peaceful utilization of outer space " proposal into a mere scrap of waste paper for " peaceful liberation . "【Ground Truth】the escalation of the space arms race will turn the " peaceful utilization of outer space " proposal into a mere scrap of waste paper .
【待翻译】<sos> 改革 开放 以后 , 中央 连续 召开 的 三 次 西藏 工作会 , 每 次 都 给 西藏 注入 巨大 的 活力 。【翻译】since the introduction of reform and opening up , the central government has held three tibet work meetings , each injecting tremendous vitality into tibet .【Ground Truth】since the introduction of reform and opening up , the central government has held three tibet work meetings , each injecting tremendous vitality into tibet .
【待翻译】<sos> 要 尽快 地 使 全 国 人民 都 过上 殷实 的 小康 生活 , 并 不断 向 更 高 水平 前进 。【翻译】efforts should be made to enable all people across the country to lead a well-to-do life as soon as possible and to continue to uplift their living standards .【Ground Truth】efforts should be made to enable all people across the country to lead a well-to-do life as soon as possible and to continue to uplift their living standards .
【待翻译】<sos> “ 不 交 , 但 收 的 费 中 有 一 部分 要 顶 教师 一 个 月 的 工资 。 ”【翻译】" no , we don 't , but we are required to fund one month 's wages for our teachers with a portion of our receipts . "【Ground Truth】" no , we don 't , but we are required to fund one month 's wages for our teachers with a portion of our receipts . "
【待翻译】<sos> 国家 将 认真 地 帮助 农业 部门 , 帮助 数百万 农民 , 使 他们 为 国家 提供 高质量 的 产品 。【翻译】the state will earnestly help the agricultural sector and will also help millions of farmers , so that they will provide the state with high-quality products .【Ground Truth】the state will earnestly help the agricultural sector and will also help millions of farmers , so that they will provide the state with high-quality products .
【待翻译】<sos> 1969 年 , 他 被 尼克松 总统 看中 , 出任 总统 助理 并 升迁 为 “ 经济 机会 办公室 ” 主任 。【翻译】he caught president nixon 's eye in 1969 and was appointed assistant to the president and promoted to director of the " economic opportunities office . "【Ground Truth】he caught president nixon 's eye in 1969 and was appointed assistant to the president and promoted to director of the " economic opportunities office . "
【待翻译】<sos> 从 长远 来 看 , 今后 亚酞 大 国 军事 力量 差距 将 主要 受 各自 经济 发展 状况 的 影响 。【翻译】from a long-term point of view , the future gap in the military strength among big asian-pacific countries will be determined mainly by each 's economic development .【Ground Truth】from a long-term point of view , the future gap in the military strength among big asian-pacific countries will be determined mainly by each 's economic development .
【待翻译】<sos> 而 连战 , 不仅 今年 出书 宣布 他 的 邦联 主张 , 六月 二十九日 , 他 仍然 坚持 ‘ 台湾 优先 ’ 。【翻译】lien chan not only published a book to announce his confederation view this year , but he still insisted on " taiwan first " on 29 june .【Ground Truth】lien chan not only published a book to announce his confederation view this year , but he still insisted on " taiwan first " on 29 june .
【待翻译】<sos> 在 立法 工作 中 要 防止 和 避免 部门 利益 和 地方 保护主义 的 影响 , 切实 维护 社会主义 法制 的 统一 。【翻译】in legislative work , it is essential to prevent the impact of departmental interests and local protectionism and to safeguard the unity of the socialist legal system .【Ground Truth】in legislative work , it is essential to prevent the impact of departmental interests and local protectionism and to safeguard the unity of the socialist legal system .
【待翻译】<sos> 大陆 民调 专家 、 中国 社会 调查 事务所 所长 李冬民 研究员 主持 了 今 次 这 项 中 美 撞机 民调 。【翻译】li dongmin , a mainland opinion poll expert and director of ssic , was in charge of this poll on the collision of chinese and us planes .【Ground Truth】li dongmin , a mainland opinion poll expert and director of ssic , was in charge of this poll on the collision of chinese and us planes .
【待翻译】<sos> 我们 认为 , 既然 承认 西藏 是 中国 的 部分 , 又 要求 解放军 不 要 进藏 , 这 种 提法 不妥 。 ”【翻译】we pointed out that since tibet is a part of china , the demand for not stationing pla troops in tibet was not appropriate . "【Ground Truth】we pointed out that since tibet is a part of china , the demand for not stationing pla troops in tibet was not appropriate . "
【待翻译】<sos> 政治 稳定 、 经济 增长 、 社会 发展 , 很 大 程度 上 依赖于 信息 的 生产 、 扩散 和 应用 。【翻译】political stability , economic growth , and social development depend to a very great extent on the production , dissemination , and application of information .【Ground Truth】political stability , economic growth , and social development depend to a very great extent on the production , dissemination , and application of information .
【待翻译】<sos> 胡鞍钢 表示 , 今后 中国 城镇 就业 模式 还 要 从 正规 就业 转向 非正规 就业 , 从 固定 就业 转向 灵活 就业 。【翻译】hu angang said that in the future the modes of urban employment in china should shift from conventional to unconventional and from permanent to flexible employment .【Ground Truth】hu angang said that in the future the modes of urban employment in china should shift from conventional to unconventional and from permanent to flexible employment .
【待翻译】<sos> 对 此 , 港人 对 中央 的 支持 爱护 、 对江 主席 的 到来 表示 由衷 的 欢迎 和 感谢 。【翻译】the people of hong kong extend their welcome and heart felt gratitude for the support of the central government and for president jiang 's visit .【Ground Truth】the people of hong kong extend their welcome and heart felt gratitude for the support of the central government and for president jiang 's visit .
【待翻译】<sos> 由于 ‘ 星座号 ’ 几 天 前 曾 参与 在 南中国海 举行 的 军事 演习 , 因此 这 次 来 港 备受 关注 。【翻译】because the uss constellation participated in a military exercise in the south china sea several days ago . the visit has drawn great attention on the current visit .【Ground Truth】because the uss constellation participated in a military exercise in the south china sea several days ago , the current visit has drawn great attention .
【待翻译】<sos> 当前 我们 最 紧迫 的 任务 就 是 抓住 机遇 , 加快 发展 , 尽快 使 中华 民族 强大 起来 。【翻译】at present , our most urgent tasks are to seize opportunities , to expeditiously develop china , and to strengthen the chinese nation as soon as possible .【Ground Truth】at present , our most urgent tasks are to seize opportunities , to expeditiously develop china , and to strengthen the chinese nation as soon as possible .
【待翻译】<sos> 党政 主要 领导 要 抓好 协调 工作 , 组织 各 方面 力量 , 对 人口 资源 环境 问题 进行 综合 治理 。【翻译】the party and government principal leaders should coordinate the work and organize the efforts of all sectors to comprehensively tackle the population , resources and environmental problems .【Ground Truth】the party and government principal leaders should coordinate the work and organize the efforts of all sectors to comprehensively tackle the population , resources and environmental problems .
【待翻译】<sos> 民主党人 试图 要 布什 及 共和党 人 懂得 : 虽然 布什 将 成为 总统 , 但是 他 必须 明白 自身 的 脆弱 地位 。【翻译】the democrats are trying to make bush and the republicans understand that although bush won the presidency , he must clearly recognize the fragility of his position .【Ground Truth】the democrats are trying to make bush and the republicans understand that although bush won the presidency , he must clearly recognize the fragility of his position .
【待翻译】<sos> 目前 , 一些 拉美 国家 的 关税 属 世界 最高 关税 之 列 , 平均 关税 比 美国 高 4 倍 。【翻译】presently , the customs duties of some latin american states are among the highest in the world or four times higher than the us customs duty .【Ground Truth】presently , the customs duties of some latin american states are among the highest in the world or four times higher than the us customs duty .
【待翻译】<sos> 他们 竟然 忘记 了 卢沟桥 是 中国 北京 的 一 个 地方 , 日军 是 强占 在 那里 的 侵略者 ！【翻译】they have the gall to forget that lugouqiao is a place in beijing , china , and that the japanese army were invaders forcibly occupying it !【Ground Truth】they have the gall to forget that lugouqiao is a place in beijing , china , and that the japanese army were invaders forcibly occupying it !
【待翻译】<sos> 今年 诸多 国家 同 伊拉克 通商 、 通航 并 发展 经贸 关系 , 突破 了 美 英 对 伊拉克 的 制裁圈 。【翻译】this year many countries have broken through the us-british ring of sanctions against iraq by opening commercial and air links and developing economic relations with that country .【Ground Truth】this year many countries have broken through the us-british ring of sanctions against iraq by opening commercial and air links and developing economic relations with that country .
【待翻译】<sos> 理性 地 审视 过去 , 正确 面对 历史 , 是 一 个 民族 心理 健康 、 精神 成熟 的 表现 。【翻译】judging the past in a rational way and facing history in correct fashion is a expression of a nation 's psychological health and maturity of spirit .【Ground Truth】judging the past in a rational way and facing history in correct fashion is an expression of a nation 's psychological health and maturity of spirit .
【待翻译】<sos> 被 吓 了 一 跳 的 欧佩克 组织 立即 开会 研究 应对 措施 , 这 才 遏制 住 了 油价 的 上涨 势头 。【翻译】frightened to a start , the opec immediately convened a meeting to study countermeasures . in this way the trend of rising oil prices was checked .【Ground Truth】frightened to a start , the opec immediately convened a meeting to study countermeasures . in this way the trend of rising oil prices was checked .
【待翻译】<sos> 田聪明 首先 介绍 了 新华社 和 《 读卖 新闻 》 社 在 此间 共同 举办 的 中 日 经济 关系 研讨会 的 情况 。【翻译】tian congming briefed mori on the second annual symposium on sino-japanese ties , which was jointly sponsored by the xinhua news agency and yomiuri shimbun in tokyo .【Ground Truth】tian congming briefed mori on the second annual symposium on sino-japanese ties , which was jointly sponsored by the xinhua news agency and yomiuri shimbun in tokyo .
【待翻译】<sos> 中方 也 愿意 进一步 加强 两 国 在 司法 领域 的 合作 与 交流 , 包括 共同 打击 非法 移民 和 有组织 犯罪 。【翻译】he also said that china is willing to further strengthen cooperation and exchanges in the legal field , including the crackdown on illegal immigration and organized crimes .【Ground Truth】he also said that china is willing to further strengthen cooperation and exchanges in the legal field , including the crackdown on illegal immigration and organized crimes .
【待翻译】<sos> 库赖 说 : 这 是 中国 国家 主席 首 次 来到 巴勒斯坦 的 土地 上 作客 , 令 我们 倍感 亲切 和 荣幸 。【翻译】qurei said : this is the first visit by a chinese president to the land of palestine , which makes us very warm and honored .【Ground Truth】qurei said : this is the first visit by a chinese president to the land of palestine , which makes us very warm and honored .
【待翻译】<sos> 他 说 , 提供 全球 公共 产品 的 国际 机构 必须 严守 政治 中立 , 公正 代表 每 一 个 成员国 利益 。【翻译】he said : the international institutions providing the world with public goods must strictly uphold political neutrality and fairly represent the interests of every member country .【Ground Truth】he said : the international institutions providing the world with public goods must strictly uphold political neutrality and fairly represent the interests of every member country .
【待翻译】<sos> 现在 的 粮食 总 产量 是 5 亿 吨 , 如果 考虑 进口 5% , 就 是 2500 万 吨 。【翻译】our present total grain output is 500 million metric tons . if we consider importing 5 percent , the import will be 25 million metric tons .【Ground Truth】our present total grain output is 500 million metric tons . if we consider importing 5 percent , the import will be 25 million metric tons .
【待翻译】<sos> 11 月 初 , 美 朝 就 影响 两 国 关系 的 重要 议题 ――― 导弹 问题 进行 了 磋商 。【翻译】in early november , the united states and the dprk held consultations on the missile question , a major topic affecting relations between the two countries .【Ground Truth】in early november , the united states and the dprk held consultations on the missile question , a major topic affecting relations between the two countries .
【待翻译】<sos> 近 70% 的 人 参加 过 再 就业 培训 , 其中 半数 以上 的 人 认为 培训 对 实现 再就业 是 有用 的 。【翻译】nearly 70 percent had taken part in re-training programs , and more than 50 percent of them thought that training would help them find jobs again .【Ground Truth】nearly 70 percent had taken part in re-training programs , and more than 50 percent of them thought that training would help them find jobs again .
【待翻译】<sos> 它 组织 一 批 人 到 华盛顿 来 “ 练功 示威 ” , 就 是 因为 华盛顿 是 美国 的 政治 中心 。【翻译】it organized a group of people to come to washington for an " exercise demonstration " because washington is the united states ' political center .【Ground Truth】it organized a group of people to come to washington for an " exercise demonstration " because washington is the united states ' political center .
【待翻译】<sos> 二十一 世纪 , 国际 综合 国力 竞争 将 会 更加 激烈 , 世界 科技 进步 和 创新 将 会 有 新 的 突破 。【翻译】in the 21st century , international competition in comprehensive national strength will further intensify and there will be new breakthroughs in scientific and technological advances and innovation .【Ground Truth】in the 21st century , international competition in comprehensive national strength will further intensify and there will be new breakthroughs in scientific and technological advances and innovation .
【待翻译】<sos> 李汉东 说 , 韩 中 建交 以来 , 两 国 在 许多 领域 都 开展 了 卓有 成效 的 合作 。【翻译】yi han-tong said , since south korea and china established diplomatic relations between them , the two countries have carried out highly effective cooperation in many arenas .【Ground Truth】yi han-tong said , since south korea and china established diplomatic relations between them , the two countries have carried out highly effective cooperation in many arenas .
【待翻译】<sos> 因此 , 要 继续 不折不扣 地 贯彻 执行 中央 关于 减轻 农民 负担 的 各 项 政策 , 加大 监督 检查 力度 。【翻译】hence , we must continue to unswervingly implement the central policies on lightening the peasant 's burdens , and intensify supervision and checks in this respect .【Ground Truth】hence , we must continue to unswervingly implement the central policies on lightening the peasant 's burdens , and intensify supervision and checks in this respect .
【待翻译】<sos> 纳拉亚南 重申 , 印度 始终 支持 中国 在 台湾 、 人权 和 加入 世界 贸易 组织 问题 上 的 原则 立场 。【翻译】narayanan reiterated that india all along has supported china 's principled stand on the issues of taiwan , human rights , and its wto accession .【Ground Truth】narayanan reiterated that india all along has supported china 's principled stand on the issues of taiwan , human rights , and its wto accession .
【待翻译】<sos> 他 说 , 斯特罗耶夫 主席 和 他 本人 都 曾 访 华 , 他们 热切 期待 着 李鹏 委员长 的 回访 。【翻译】gennady seleznyov noted that speaker stroyev and he had ever visited china . they earnestly hoped that chairman li peng will pay a return visit .【Ground Truth】gennady seleznyov noted that speaker stroyev and he had ever visited china . they earnestly hoped that chairman li peng will pay a return visit .
【待翻译】<sos> 因此 , 5 所 综合 大学 的 党委 , 都 把 建设 中心 校区 当作 实质性 融合 的 核心 工程 来 抓 。【翻译】therefore , the party committees of the five comprehensive universities all have deemed the development of a central educational district as a core project in real integration .【Ground Truth】therefore , the party committees of the five comprehensive universities all have deemed the development of a central educational district as a core project in real integration .
【待翻译】<sos> 实现 发展权 不仅 关系 到 发展中 国家 的 人权 享受 , 同时 这 也 将 对 国际 和平 与 繁荣 产生 重要 影响 。【翻译】the realization of the right of development not only affects human rights in developing countries but also has an important influence on international peace and prosperity .【Ground Truth】the realization of the right of development not only affects human rights in developing countries but also has an important influence on international peace and prosperity .
【待翻译】<sos> “ 社会主义 也 可以 搞 市场 经济 ” , 早 在 1979 年 , 邓小平 同志 就 抓住 了 问题 的 要害 。【翻译】" socialist society can also practice market economy . " as early as 1979 , comrade deng xiaoping grasped the crucial point of the question .【Ground Truth】" socialist society can also practice market economy . " as early as 1979 , comrade deng xiaoping grasped the crucial point of the question .
【待翻译】<sos> 第四十一 条 依照 水污染 防治法 第四十八 条 规定 处以 罚款 的 , 可以 处 10 万 元 以下 的 罚款 。【翻译】article 41 those who are punishable by a fine according to the provisions in article 48 of the lpcwp shall be liable to a fine below 100,000 yuan .【Ground Truth】article 41 those who are punishable by a fine according to the provisions in article 48 of the lpcwp shall be liable to a fine below 100,000 yuan .
